fix: `Postgre\Connection::reconnect()` `TypeError` in `pg_ping()` (#9279)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.5.6.rst

- **Routing:** Fixed a TypeError in `str_replace()` when `Routing::$translateURIDashes` is set to `true` and a route is defined using a closure.

- **Validation:** Fixed a bug where complex language strings were not properly handled.

> - **PostgreSQL Connection:** Fixed bug that PostgreSQL cannot reconnect the database with ``reconnect()`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Database:** Fixed a bug that caused ``Postgre\Connection::reconnect()`` method to throw an error when the connection had not yet been established.
```

Author: Done.
